docs(openapi): handle mapped-types and add build steps (#2053)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/openapi/cli-plugin.md

}
```

> > info **Hint** When using `PartialType, OmitType, PickType, IntersectionType` in dtos import them from `@nestjs/swagger` instead of `@nestjs/mapped-types` for the plugin to pick up the schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info **Hint** When using [mapped types utilities](https://docs.nestjs.com/openapi/mapped-types) (like `PartialType`) in DTOs import them from `@nestjs/swagger` instead of `@nestjs/mapped-types` for the plugin to pick up the schema.
```

  </tr>
</table>

On the first run and when ever plugin options are changed. Delete `/dist` folder and build the application using

```bash
$ nest build
```

Or you can configure `package.json` with the following scripts

```json

> "prebuild": "rimraf dist",

Reviewer: Instead of using `rimraf` direclty we can delegate this to Nest CLI

`nest-cli.json` must have

```json
"compilerOptions": {
  "deleteOutDir": true
}
```

Author: A nest app created with Neset CLI using `nest new` generates a package.json with `rimraf` in `prebuild` using that made sense to me. 

The `dist` directory needs to be deleted only when changes to `nest-cli.json` are made and not every time a build is done as is the case with `"deleteOutDir": true` 

Does removing the `dist` directory every time have any impact on the build performance? If not then your suggestion is a lot better to do.

Reviewer: > Does removing the `dist` directory every time have any impact on the build performance?

Since the output dir will be removed by Nest CLI only upon `nest build` then both solutions will perform the same way I guess.

I'd say: keep your solution. But it would be cool to also add something like "Or using `"deleteOutDir": true` on [global compiler options](https://docs.nestjs.com/cli/monorepo#global-compiler-options)"

Author: sounds good, I've added it

  </tr>
</table>

> On the first run and when ever plugin options are changed. Delete `/dist` folder and build the application using

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to delete  the `/dist` folder and rebuild your application  whenever plugin options are updated.
```

> 
> ```bash
> $ nest build
> ```
> 
> Or you can configure `package.json` with the following scripts
> 
> ```json
> "prebuild": "rimraf dist",
> "build": "nest build",
> ```
> 
> and run it using
> 
> ```bash
> $ npm run build
> ```
> 
> > info **Hint** Setting `"deleteOutDir": true` in  [Global Compiler Options](https://docs.nestjs.com/cli/monorepo#global-compiler-options) will remove the compilation output directory everytime `nest build` is invoked
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
